robot moved from cabinet to fridge
robot picks up chicken from fridge
robot moved from fridge to countertop
robot puts down chicken to countertop
robot moved from countertop to fridge
robot picks up mayonnaise from fridge
robot moved from fridge to countertop
robot puts down mayonnaise to countertop
robot moved from countertop to cabinet
robot picks up tarragon from cabinet
robot moved from cabinet to countertop
robot puts down tarragon to countertop
robot moved from countertop to fridge
robot picks up celery from fridge
robot moved from fridge to countertop
robot puts down celery to countertop
robot moved from countertop to cabinet
robot picks up bun from cabinet
robot moved from cabinet to countertop
robot puts down bun to countertop
robot moved from countertop to cabinet
robot picks up knife from cabinet
robot moved from cabinet to countertop
robot puts down knife to countertop
robot moved from countertop to cabinet
robot picks up bowl from cabinet
robot moved from cabinet to countertop
robot puts down bowl to countertop
