I apologize for the oversight. Let's revise the action sequence, ensuring to use strictly the ingredients provided and avoid any errors.

COT & ACTION SEQUENCE:

1. Fetching the ingredients and tools required for the cooking task:

To prepare butter chicken, I will first fetch the items I need. I will bring the pan, chicken, butter, tomato, onion, and knife. I will also bring a cutting board for chopping the tomato and onion.

pick_up_obj("chicken", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the chicken
put_down_obj("chicken", "countertop") #putting down the chicken on the countertop
pick_up_obj("butter", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the butter
put_down_obj("butter", "countertop") #putting down the butter on the countertop
pick_up_obj("tomato", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the tomato
put_down_obj("tomato", "countertop") #putting down the tomato on the countertop
pick_up_obj("onion", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the onion
put_down_obj("onion", "countertop") #putting down the onion on the countertop
pick_up_tool("knife", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the knife
put_down_tool("knife", "countertop") #putting down the knife on the countertop
pick_up_rec("cutting_board", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the cutting board
put_down_rec("cutting_board", "countertop") #putting down the cutting board on the countertop
pick_up_rec("pan", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the pan
put_down_rec("pan", "stove") #putting down the pan on the stove

2. Cooking process:

To prepare butter chicken, I will first chop the tomato and onion using the knife and cutting board. Then, I will cook the chicken with butter, chopped onion, and chopped tomato in the pan. Note that salt is not provided, so it won't be used.

slice("tomato", "knife", "updated_onto.ttl") #slicing tomato with the knife
slice("onion", "knife", "updated_onto.ttl") #slicing onion with knife
put_down_obj("chicken", "pan") #putting the chicken into the pan
put_down_obj("tomato", "pan") #putting the chopped tomato into the pan
put_down_obj("onion", "pan") #putting the chopped onion into the pan
put_down_obj("butter", "pan") #putting the butter into the pan
stir_contents("pan", "updated_onto.ttl") #stirring the contents of pan

3. plating and serving:

Finally, I will serve the cooked butter chicken onto a plate.

pick_up_rec("plate", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the plate
put_down_rec("plate", "countertop") #putting down the plate on the countertop
pour_contents("pan", "plate") #pouring the contents of the pan onto the plate

This completes the process of preparing butter chicken with the provided ingredients.