             COT & ACTION SEQUENCE: 

1. Fetching the ingredients and tools required for the cooking task:

To prepare the carrot pudding, I will first fetch the items I need. I will bring the pan, carrot, butter, sugar, milk, and a bowl. If the bowl is not cleaned, I will clean it first.

clean("bowl", "updated_onto.ttl") #cleaning the bowl
pick_up_rec("bowl", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the bowl
put_down_rec("bowl", "countertop") #putting down the bowl on the countertop
pick_up_obj("carrot", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the carrot
put_down_obj("carrot", "countertop") #putting down the carrot on the countertop
pick_up_obj("butter", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the butter
put_down_obj("butter", "countertop") #putting down the butter on the countertop
pick_up_obj("sugar", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the sugar
put_down_obj("sugar", "countertop") #putting down the sugar on the countertop
pick_up_obj("milk", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the milk
put_down_obj("milk", "countertop") #putting down the milk on the countertop

2. Cooking process: 

To prepare the carrot pudding, I will first slice the carrots. Then, I will heat the pan and melt the butter. After that, I will add the sliced carrots to the pan and cook them until they become soft. Finally, I will add sugar and milk to the cooked carrots and let them simmer until the mixture thickens.

slice("carrot", "knife", "updated_onto.ttl") #slicing the carrots
pick_up_tool("knife", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the knife
put_down_tool("knife", "countertop") #putting down the knife on the countertop
pick_up_tool("pan", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the pan
put_down_tool("pan", "stove") #putting down the pan on the stove
pick_up_obj("butter", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the butter
put_down_obj("butter", "pan") #putting down the butter into the pan
pick_up_obj("carrot", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the sliced carrots
put_down_obj("carrot", "pan") #putting down the sliced carrots into the pan
fry("carrot", "pan") #cooking the carrots in the pan
pick_up_obj("sugar", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the sugar
put_down_obj("sugar", "pan") #putting down the sugar into the pan
pick_up_obj("milk", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the milk
put_down_obj("milk", "pan") #putting down the milk into the pan
stir_contents("pan", "updated_onto.ttl") #stirring the contents in the pan

3. plating and serving:

I will transfer the carrot pudding mixture from the pan to the bowl. The carrot pudding is ready to be served!

pick_up_rec("bowl", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the bowl
put_down_rec("bowl", "pan") #putting down the bowl into the pan
pour_contents("pan", "bowl") #pouring the carrot pudding mixture into the bowl        