robot moved from countertop to fridge
robot picks up potato from fridge
robot moved from fridge to countertop
robot puts down potato to countertop
robot moved from countertop to cabinet
robot picks up knife from cabinet
robot moved from cabinet to countertop
robot puts down knife to countertop
robot moved from countertop to cabinet
robot picks up spoon from cabinet
robot moved from cabinet to countertop
robot puts down spoon to countertop
robot moved from countertop to cabinet
robot picks up bowl from cabinet
robot moved from cabinet to countertop
robot puts down bowl to countertop
robot moved from countertop to cabinet
robot picks up pan from cabinet
robot moved from cabinet to countertop
robot puts down pan to countertop
robot picks up all_purpose_flour from countertop
robot puts down all_purpose_flour to bowl
