            COT & ACTION SEQUENCE:

1. Fetching the ingredients and tools required for the cooking task:

To prepare lime tea, I will first fetch the items I need. I will bring the pan, water, lime, tea, and glass. If the glass is not cleaned, I will clean it first.

pick_up_obj("water", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the water
put_down_obj("water", "countertop") #putting down the water on the countertop
pick_up_obj("lime", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the lime
put_down_obj("lime", "countertop") #putting down the lime on the countertop
pick_up_obj("tea", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the tea
put_down_obj("tea", "countertop") #putting down the tea on the countertop
clean("glass", "updated_onto.ttl") #cleaning the glass
pick_up_rec("glass", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the glass
put_down_rec("glass", "countertop") #putting down the glass on the countertop

2. Cooking process: 

To prepare lime tea, I will boil water and then add tea leaves to it. I will then squeeze lime juice into the tea.

boil("water", "initial_onto.ttl") #boiling the water for lime tea
pick_up_rec("pan", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the pan
put_down_rec("pan", "stove") #putting down the pan on the stove
pour_contents("water", "pan") #pouring the boiled water into the pan
pick_up_obj("tea", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the tea
put_down_obj("tea", "pan") #putting the tea leaves into the pan with boiled water
pick_up_obj("lime", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the lime
slice("lime", "knife", "updated_onto.ttl") #slicing the lime using a knife
pick_up_obj("sliced_lime", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the sliced lime
put_down_obj("sliced_lime", "countertop") #putting the sliced lime on the countertop

3. Plating and serving:

I will strain the tea into the glass and it will be ready to serve.

pick_up_rec("glass", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the glass
put_down_rec("glass", "sink") #putting down the glass in the sink
pick_up_rec("pan", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the pan
put_down_rec("pan", "sink") #putting down the pan in the sink
pour_contents("pan", "glass") #pouring the tea into the glass
put_down_rec("glass", "countertop") #putting down the glass on the countertop        