COT & ACTION SEQUENCE:

1. Fetching the ingredients and tools required for the cooking task:

To prepare french toast, I will first fetch the items I need. I will bring the pan, egg, milk, sugar, bread, and butter. If the pan is not cleaned, I will clean it first.

clean("pan", "updated_onto.ttl") #cleaning the pan
pick_up_rec("pan", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the pan
put_down_rec("pan", "countertop") #putting down the pan on the countertop

pick_up_obj("egg", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the egg
put_down_obj("egg", "countertop") #putting down the egg on the countertop
pick_up_obj("milk", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the milk
put_down_obj("milk", "countertop") #putting down the milk on the countertop
pick_up_obj("sugar", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the sugar
put_down_obj("sugar", "countertop") #putting down the sugar on the countertop
pick_up_obj("bread", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the bread
put_down_obj("bread", "countertop") #putting down the bread on the countertop
pick_up_obj("butter", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the butter
put_down_obj("butter", "countertop") #putting down the butter on the countertop

2. Cooking process:

To prepare french toast, I will first crack the eggs into a bowl, add milk and sugar, and whisk it. Then I will dip the bread slices into the mixture and cook them on the pan with butter.

clean("bowl", "updated_onto.ttl") #cleaning the bowl
pick_up_rec("bowl", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the bowl
put_down_rec("bowl", "countertop") #putting down the bowl on the countertop

pick_up_obj("egg", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the egg
put_down_obj("egg", "bowl") #putting down the egg into the bowl
pick_up_obj("milk", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the milk
put_down_obj("milk", "bowl") #putting down the milk into the bowl
pick_up_obj("sugar", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the sugar
put_down_obj("sugar", "bowl") #putting down the sugar into the bowl

pick_up_tool("spoon", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the spoon
mix_contents("bowl", "updated_onto.ttl") #mixing the contents in the bowl
put_down_tool("spoon", "countertop") #putting down the spoon on the countertop

pick_up_obj("bread", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the bread
put_down_obj("bread", "pan") #putting down the bread on the pan
pick_up_obj("butter", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the butter
put_down_obj("butter", "pan") #putting down the butter on the pan

fry("bread", "updated_onto.ttl") #cooking the bread on the pan

3. plating and serving:

I will put the cooked French toast on a plate. French toast is ready to be served!

pick_up_obj("bread", "updated_onto.ttl") #picking up the cooked bread
put_down_obj("bread", "plate") #putting the cooked bread on the plate
